iox-#743 Validation of icedelivery_in_c example (#1214)
eclipse-iceoryx/iceoryx: iceoryx_examples/icedelivery_in_c/README.md

### Subscriber

As in the
[icedelivery C++ example](https://github.com/eclipse-iceoryx/iceoryx/tree/master/iceoryx_examples/icedelivery),

> we perform the following steps again:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we perform the following steps:
```

 1. Create a runtime instance.
 2. Create a subscriber port and subscribe to the offered service.
 3. Receive data.
 4. **C API: Additionally, we have to remove the previously allocated subscriber
        port!**

Let's take a look at the `receiving` function that comes with the
`ice_c_subscriber.c` example.

 1. We register our process at RouDi with the name `iox-c-subscriber`

<!--[geoffrey][iceoryx_examples/icedelivery_in_c/ice_c_subscriber.c][create runtime instance]-->
```c
const char APP_NAME[] = "iox-c-subscriber";
iox_runtime_init(APP_NAME);
```

 2. We create a subscriber port and subscribe to the service
    {"Radar", "FrontLeft", "Object" }. We also set subscriber options. The
    `historyRequest` tells the subscriber how many previously sent samples it
    should receive right after the connection has been established and the
    `queueCapacity` how many samples the subscriber can hold. These are samples
    which the publisher has sent before the subscriber was connected. The

>     `nodeName` is the name of the node, where the subscriber belongs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `nodeName` is the name of the node the subscriber is associated with.
```

    The `subscriberStorage` is the place where the subscriber is stored in
    memory and `subscriber` is actually a pointer to that location.

<!--[geoffrey][iceoryx_examples/icedelivery_in_c/ice_c_subscriber.c][create subscriber port]-->
```c
iox_sub_options_t options;
iox_sub_options_init(&options);
options.historyRequest = 10U;
options.queueCapacity = 5U;
options.nodeName = "iox-c-subscriber-node";
iox_sub_storage_t subscriberStorage;

iox_sub_t subscriber = iox_sub_init(&subscriberStorage, "Radar", "FrontLeft", "Object", &options);
```

>  3. In a loop we receive samples and print the received data on the console as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 3. We receive samples in a loop and print the received data on the console as
```

    long as the `killswitch` is not set to `true` by an external signal.

<!--[geoffrey][iceoryx_examples/icedelivery_in_c/ice_c_subscriber.c][receive and print data]-->
```c
while (!killswitch)
{
    if (SubscribeState_SUBSCRIBED == iox_sub_get_subscription_state(subscriber))
    {
        const void* userPayload = NULL;

>         // we will receive here more then one sample since the publisher is sending a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // we will receive more then one sample here since the publisher is sending a
```

If suggestion is accepted the code has to be changed ...

    if (SubscribeState_SUBSCRIBED == iox_sub_get_subscription_state(subscriber))
    {
        const void* userPayload = NULL;

>         // we will receive more then one sample here since the publisher is sending a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // we will receive more than one sample here since the publisher is sending a
```
